c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.AboutPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.ItemDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.ItemsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.NewItemPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.OAuthNativeFlowPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Bicycle.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Bicycle.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Auth.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Auth.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.pdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.StartPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.TopDestinationsPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.PlanATripPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.DestinationDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.xml
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Views.UserSettingsPage.xaml.g.cs
