c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.Android.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.Android.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.Bicycle.apk
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.Bicycle-Signed.apk
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.CustomTabs.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Auth.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Auth.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Android.dll
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\Bicycle.Android.pdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.Bicycle.apk
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\slideout.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Auth.dll.mdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\bin\Debug\Bicycle.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Bicycle.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Bicycle.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Auth.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Hanna\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash.jpg
C:\Users\Hanna\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Bicycle\Bicycle\Bicycle.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\bikeicon.png
